today I'll show you how to use auto pod
and fsx first after takeoff put your
landing gear up for a person g and set
your flaps off by pressing f5 and there
should be a button that says cmda that's
the autopilot master switch click on
that and then right next to it should
say altitude hold click on that button
is in a gesture altitude by using this
knob right it should say vor dockyard
click on that click on navigation turn
it to GBS turn your auto throttle on and
then adjust your speed and then press
the speed button the primary flight
display this tells you how high you are
and faster going now this tells you what
degree klar minute or descending it and
this tells you when you increase the
throttle how much are cursing it or
decreasing it now when you were climbing
then you can use the vertical speed when
you're climbing then you can just turn
it press the up then it will increase it
make sure you don't use it as much or
else I'll install the plane of them to
decrease it then you just press down
when it says 1800 and that means you're
climbing and I'm going to test minus
1800 the manager descending i'm using
about 737-800 and a touch of flaps off
right away press f5 to set it to lower
the flaps a 1 by 1 press f6 and to
increase your flaps press s 7 that
increases in one by one and to increase
it all the way then press f8 to lift the
landing gear press G and that's reminder
and I hope you enjoy this video and I
hope that helps you all right right